Move credentials to environment variables (#39)
solid/conformance-test-harness: README.md

### Session based login
Some IdPs make is easy to authenticate without a browser by supporting form based login and sessions. The test harness has
the capability to use this mechanism to login and get access tokens. The configuration that must be saved for each user is:
* Username
* Password

The harness also needs to know the login path to use on the IdP and the origin that has been registered as the trusted app
for the users.

This mechanism will work in CI environments where the credentials can be passed in as secrets.

### Client credentials 
**NOTE: Not yet implemented**

> This relies on and IdP that supports this grant mechanism and has had users pre-registered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This relies on an IdP that supports this grant mechanism and which has users pre-registered.
```

### Package
The test harness can be packaged into a single jar:
```shell
./mvnw package
```
To quickly build this package without running the unit tests:
```shell

> ./mvnw -Dmaven.test.skip=true package

Reviewer: I always just use `./mvnw package -DskipTests`

### Release
Update CHANGELOG.md to highlight new features before starting the release.
```shell

> ./mvnw release:prepare

Reviewer: Should you also mention `./mvnw release:perform`?

Author: At some point yes but so far this process gets me to a tagged version in github to which I add the built jar. That and the docker image are likely to be the main deployables and I wasn't sure what maven repo it would be deployed to. I didn't want to add that step until I knew what we were doing with it.
